Welcome back.
In the last we did, we were able to load the data that we need for rendering all the movie cards,
but we need to be importing this component into the homepage application.
So let's see how that can be done.
I'm going to be opening up my voice.
Good.
And let's open up our homepage, Florida.
So let me just minimize all the other things so that we don't get confused.
Now, in the homepage application, I have this web back configuration opened up right here.
So we are going to be doing the same thing as before.
We are going to be importing the module federation plugin.
So as a concept.
Then the collaborators equals to required and then we save our back guard container.
So that seemed like before.
And then we import the module federation plugin.
Now, as usual, we need to also implement the configurations.
So in the plug in section, I would say a new module federation plug in and pass in an object, and
then we define the properties.
The first property is the name.
Now, in this case, I'm going to be giving this a name as home.
So it's the homepage.
That's right.
So that's right there.
And then we have the file name.
Now, final name is going to be the same.
That is remote entry dot.
Yes.
This is a convention that's followed across.
And this is going to be following it here as well.
Okay.
So the same things are done so far.
And last name, if you remember, we used a property called As Exposes when we wanted to expose any
of the components.
Now, when you want to be importing, unfortunately, it's not called as import, but it's called as
remote.
So we have the remote section here.
Now, remote is again going to be an object.
And in the object we are going to be defining the keeper of the remote that we are going to use.
So in this case, the remote is component and we need to think where is this component coming from?
Now, remember, if I just open up the React components and if I just open up the configuration file
here so that back config, we were running this application on the port 3002 and if I just go to the
browser, we go to the port number 3002.
That's right there.
We had the React component application running here.
And if I just put up a slash and say remote and radius, we had the remote.
And if I look at it here now, this is the exact location that you need to be using when you want to
be importing any of the remote applications.
So I just take control C and go back to my configuration and in the remote or here I'm pasting that
over here.
So we are seeing we're defining remote.
The name of the remote is going to be called as component and this is the location of the component.
Now, there's just one more thing that we need to define here.
That is the name of this remote or name of this application where this remote is located.
Now we're just going back to the React components, Webpack config.
We had given this a name as component, so I can just copy this name component, come back to my home
page configuration and paste it right here.
Then we need to put up actor ID.
So we are saying the name of the application is component, which is hosted at this location.
So this is the remote entry of this component application.
Now the key that is defined here component can be anything.
It can be called a component.
It can be called as react component as you wish.
So it does not really matter.
Just do remain consistent so that we do not have to keep coming back in front.
I'm just going to be keeping it the same.
So I'm just going to be calling this as a component, and that's pretty much it for setting up a remote.
Okay, so now we need to be using this component, right?
We need to be using it in our homepage.
So if I just scroll up, open up this home content dot.
So this is in our homepage application and if I just scroll down, I have put up a comment where we
need to be loading this movie card component.
So let me just make this a bit smaller.
So we have place to work with.
Okay.
Now, things are going to get a little bit confusing, but let me try to explain what happens.
So we need to be using the component, right?
So that for that, we need to be importing it first.
So, for example, we have this quick booking component which is created within the same application.
So we just say import, quick booking, and we specify the location.
But in case of remote components which are loaded dynamically from under the application, we do not
really know when this is going to be responding with that component.
Right.
This is all asynchronous.
So for that reason, we need to be loading this component also in a asynchronous manner.
So in React, how do you do that?
Well, for that, we are going to say convert.
Movie card.
Equals to react.
Dot levy.
So react not lazy head starts to load components which are loaded dynamically.
So in here what are we passing in a function?
So we'll see a function.
That's the arrow function.
And in here we'll say import.
And then we specify the location of the import.
Now, how do we specify the location?
For that, I'm just going to be opening up all that back configuration and the gsx side by side so that
things don't get confusing.
Let me minimize that and let's see how to be building this import part.
Now, for building the import part, we need to specify a string for sure.
And how do you build a string?
So for building the string, we need to be coming to our homepage applications, webpack config.
And in this we can see that we have specified a remote called component.
So let me first of all, fix the spelling.
Okay.
So that looks better.
And I'm just going to be saving this file and we need to copy this remote and put it right here.
So now we have the remote start up from where we need to be loading the component.
Then we need to specify the name of the component.
So where do we find the name of the component?
Well, that's in the React component, that file.
So if I just go to that, that backfired.
We can see that we're exposing two components from here, the movie card and the bi button.
So let me just go ahead and copy this movie card and paste it right here.
So make sure you have the format correct.
We have the remote name Slash, then the movie car component name.
And when you copy it, we do not need this dot slash.
We just type in the name of the component directly.
Okay, so we can do that.
Save the file.
Then we can start using this movie card.
Let me make this better.
We don't need to be refereeing both of these fights together.
Now.
Now, if I just scroll down.
We had this place where we need to be loading this movie component so I can just remove this and start
loading it.
Now, generally, when you use a component, you just put it like a movie card and things should work,
right?
Well, since this is a dynamic component, React specifies a way of loading dynamic components.
So you cannot just use it like this.
So what do you need to do for that limit to be using a built in react component called suspense?
So that suspense right there.
And within the suspense, you need to be putting up this movie card component.
So suspense need to be loaded from the React library.
So once I did that, you can see it automatically loaded for me.
My ID.
So from react we are loading named import called suspense and we're using it right here.
Now suspense also needs a mandatory parameter called fallback and that we are going to be specifying
as null.
Make sure you have the null within the code liberty sets.
Now, what is this fallback?
Well, basically to start, since this is a dynamic component, we do not really know exactly when this
component is going to be loaded.
So until then, you can just go ahead and use a component for fallback.
Now, we are not going to be implementing that additional component.
You can probably have on the component colluding, which is going to be shown to the time this movie
component does not get loaded.
But for simplicity, let's just keep it like this.
Okay.
Let me just see if this file and if I just open up my terminal, you can see that the application is
failing this home page application.
So it does not really understand what's happening because we have not yet reloaded our application after
making the changes in the back.
So I'm just going to stop this over by saying control C, then clear off my console and see NPM run
search once again.
Okay.
Let's give that a second and congratulations.
You have created your first micro frontend.
Now this component is being loaded dynamically from this application hosted on port number 3002.
So if I just clear that off and see that this is the exact component, now, you might have some trust
issues at me.
I understand.
So let me prove that for you.
So I'm just going to right click and see inspect.
And if I go to the sources, we see that we have this application or this page load from couple of places.
So we have this localhost 3000 in which we load this index.html file, we have this main bundle and
the means, he says.
And if you check, in the end, we also have a few things being loaded from the port number 3002 on
which our react components add on.
And in this we added three a remote entry and a couple of things related to the movie card.
And we also have this vendor bundle, which also has a couple of things in there.
Okay.
Just to prove you additionally, what I'm going to do now is I'm going to open up my React component
speech.
So this is on port number 3002 and let's go to a code and let's open up the React components application.
So that's right.
Here we have the movie card.
And in this, you can see that we have this title card as Avenger.
So that is printed over here.
I'm just going to be renaming this title.
So let's make this maybe like Avengers two and let's see if that component and let's go back to a browser,
give this a refresh so you can see that my component library has now been updated with the new title
of Avengers two and the magical part or not so magical now since we know how it works.
If I go to my port 3000, give it a refresh and we see that it also shows Avengers two.
So that's really cool.
Now I hope you are getting an idea of how much advantage is that of using micro frontend.
So let's just take a short break and make sure that all the other cards are still being rendered.
So right now things are just hardcoded, this image as well as the name of the movie.
So we're going to be passing all of that data we got from the server to this component and make sure
that things are rendered dynamically.